voice_command_map = 
            "what's' my altitude": "!altitude",
            "what's my flight plan": "!flightplan",
            "what's the nearest airport": "!nearestairport",
            "what's the weather": "!weather",
            "what's my vertical speed": "!verticalspeed",
            "where am I": "!positioninfo",
            "tell me about where I am": "!positioninfo"



1. !altitude Command
Description: Fetches the current altitude from LittleNavMap and sends it to Twitch chat and via TTS.
Activation: Type !altitude in Twitch chat.

2. !flightplan Command
Description: Fetches the current flight plan from LittleNavMap and sends a summary to Twitch chat and via TTS.
Activation: Type !flightplan in Twitch chat.

!nearestairport Command
Description: Fetches and sends the nearest airport to Twitch chat and via TTS.
Activation: Type !nearestairport in Twitch chat.

4. !weather Command
Description: Fetches and sends the current weather at the aircraft’s location to Twitch chat and via TTS.
Activation: Type !weather in Twitch chat.

5. !verticalspeed Command
Description: Fetches and sends the current vertical speed to Twitch chat and via TTS.
Activation: Type !verticalspeed in Twitch chat.

6. !positioninfo Command
Description: Fetches the current position (latitude and longitude) and sends it to Twitch chat. It also asks ChatGPT to provide additional information about the location.
Activation: Type !positioninfo in Twitch chat

7. !say <message> Command
Description: Sends a custom message to TTS.
Activation: Type !say <message> in Twitch chat.

8. !settitle <title> Command
Description: Changes the Twitch stream title.
Activation: Type !settitle <title> in Twitch chat (likely limited to the broadcaster or moderators).

9. !setgame <category> Command
Description: Changes the game category on Twitch.
Activation: Type !setgame <category> in Twitch chat (likely limited to the broadcaster or moderators).

10. !timeout <user> <duration> Command
Description: Times out a user for a specific duration.
Activation: Type !timeout <user> <duration> in Twitch chat (likely limited to moderators).

11. !clearchat Command
Description: Clears the chat messages.
Activation: Type !clearchat in Twitch chat (likely limited to moderators).

12. !stats Command
Description: Fetches current stream statistics (viewers, etc.).
Activation: Type !stats in Twitch chat.